when Jacob saw that there was grain in
when Jacob saw that there was grain in Egypt Jacob said
Egypt Jacob said
Egypt Jacob said hums why do you look at one another
hums why do you look at one another
hums why do you look at one another indeed I have heard that there was grain
indeed I have heard that there was grain
indeed I have heard that there was grain in Egypt go down to that place and buy
in Egypt go down to that place and buy
in Egypt go down to that place and buy for us there that we may live and not
for us there that we may live and not
for us there that we may live and not die
die
die so Joseph's 10 brothers went down to buy
so Joseph's 10 brothers went down to buy
so Joseph's 10 brothers went down to buy grain in Egypt but Jacob did not send
grain in Egypt but Jacob did not send
grain in Egypt but Jacob did not send Joseph's brother Benjamin with his
Joseph's brother Benjamin with his
Joseph's brother Benjamin with his brothers lest some calamity befall him
brothers lest some calamity befall him
brothers lest some calamity befall him and the sons of Israel went to buy grain
and the sons of Israel went to buy grain
and the sons of Israel went to buy grain among those who journeyed for the famine
among those who journeyed for the famine
among those who journeyed for the famine was in the land of Canaan
now Joseph was governor over the land
now Joseph was governor over the land and it was he who sold to all the people
and it was he who sold to all the people
and it was he who sold to all the people of the land and Joseph's brothers came
of the land and Joseph's brothers came
of the land and Joseph's brothers came and bowed down before him with their
and bowed down before him with their
and bowed down before him with their faces to the earth Joseph saw his
faces to the earth Joseph saw his
faces to the earth Joseph saw his brothers and recognized them but he
brothers and recognized them but he
brothers and recognized them but he acted as a stranger to them and spoke
acted as a stranger to them and spoke
acted as a stranger to them and spoke roughly to them where do you come from
roughly to them where do you come from
roughly to them where do you come from from the land of Canaan to buy food
from the land of Canaan to buy food
from the land of Canaan to buy food so Joseph recognized his brothers but
so Joseph recognized his brothers but
so Joseph recognized his brothers but they did not recognize him
they did not recognize him
they did not recognize him then Joseph remembered the dreams which
then Joseph remembered the dreams which
then Joseph remembered the dreams which he had dreamed about them you are spies
he had dreamed about them you are spies
he had dreamed about them you are spies you have come to see the nakedness of
you have come to see the nakedness of
you have come to see the nakedness of the land
the land
the land no my lord but your servants have come
no my lord but your servants have come
no my lord but your servants have come to buy food we are all one man's sons we
to buy food we are all one man's sons we
to buy food we are all one man's sons we are honest men your servants are not
are honest men your servants are not
are honest men your servants are not spies no but you have come to see the
spies no but you have come to see the
spies no but you have come to see the nakedness of the land your servants are
nakedness of the land your servants are
nakedness of the land your servants are 12 brothers the sons of one man in the
12 brothers the sons of one man in the
12 brothers the sons of one man in the land of Canaan and in fact the youngest
land of Canaan and in fact the youngest
land of Canaan and in fact the youngest is with our father today and one is no
is with our father today and one is no
is with our father today and one is no more it is as I spoke to you saying you
more it is as I spoke to you saying you
more it is as I spoke to you saying you are spies in this manner you shall be
are spies in this manner you shall be
are spies in this manner you shall be tested by the life of Pharaoh you shall
tested by the life of Pharaoh you shall
tested by the life of Pharaoh you shall not leave this place unless your
not leave this place unless your
not leave this place unless your youngest brother comes here send one of
youngest brother comes here send one of
youngest brother comes here send one of you and let him bring your brother and
you and let him bring your brother and
you and let him bring your brother and you shall be kept in prison that your
you shall be kept in prison that your
you shall be kept in prison that your words may be tested to see whether there
words may be tested to see whether there
words may be tested to see whether there is any truth in you or else by the life
is any truth in you or else by the life
is any truth in you or else by the life of Pharaoh surely you are spies so he
of Pharaoh surely you are spies so he
of Pharaoh surely you are spies so he put them all together in prison three
put them all together in prison three
put them all together in prison three days then Joseph said to them the third
days then Joseph said to them the third
days then Joseph said to them the third day do this and live for I fear God if
day do this and live for I fear God if
day do this and live for I fear God if you are honest men let one of your
you are honest men let one of your
you are honest men let one of your brothers be confined to your prison
brothers be confined to your prison
brothers be confined to your prison house but you go and carry grain for the
house but you go and carry grain for the
house but you go and carry grain for the famine of your houses and bring your
famine of your houses and bring your
famine of your houses and bring your youngest brother to me so your words
youngest brother to me so your words
youngest brother to me so your words will be verified and you shall not die
will be verified and you shall not die
will be verified and you shall not die and they did so then they said to one
and they did so then they said to one
and they did so then they said to one another
another
another we are truly guilty concerning our
we are truly guilty concerning our
we are truly guilty concerning our brother for we saw the anguish of his
brother for we saw the anguish of his
brother for we saw the anguish of his soul when he pleaded with us and we
soul when he pleaded with us and we
soul when he pleaded with us and we would not hear
would not hear
would not hear therefore this distress has come upon us
therefore this distress has come upon us
therefore this distress has come upon us and Reuben answered them did I not speak
and Reuben answered them did I not speak
and Reuben answered them did I not speak to you saying do not sin against the boy
to you saying do not sin against the boy
to you saying do not sin against the boy and you would not listen therefore
and you would not listen therefore
and you would not listen therefore behold his blood is now required of us
behold his blood is now required of us
behold his blood is now required of us but they did not know that Joseph
but they did not know that Joseph
but they did not know that Joseph understood them for he spoke to them
understood them for he spoke to them
understood them for he spoke to them through an interpreter and he turned
through an interpreter and he turned
through an interpreter and he turned himself away from them and wept
then he returned to them again and
then he returned to them again and talked with them and he took Simeon from
talked with them and he took Simeon from
talked with them and he took Simeon from them and bound him before their eyes and
them and bound him before their eyes and
them and bound him before their eyes and Joseph gave a command to fill their
Joseph gave a command to fill their
Joseph gave a command to fill their sacks with grain to restore every man's
sacks with grain to restore every man's
sacks with grain to restore every man's money to his sack and to give them
money to his sack and to give them
money to his sack and to give them provisions for the journey thus he did
provisions for the journey thus he did
provisions for the journey thus he did for them so they loaded their donkeys
for them so they loaded their donkeys
for them so they loaded their donkeys with the grain and departed from there
but as one of them opened his sack to
but as one of them opened his sack to give his donkey fees at the encampment
give his donkey fees at the encampment
give his donkey fees at the encampment he saw his money and there it was in the
he saw his money and there it was in the
he saw his money and there it was in the mouth of his sack my money has been
mouth of his sack my money has been
mouth of his sack my money has been restored and there it is in my sack then
restored and there it is in my sack then
restored and there it is in my sack then their hearts failed them and they were
their hearts failed them and they were
their hearts failed them and they were afraid saying to one another what is
afraid saying to one another what is
afraid saying to one another what is this that God has done to us
then they went to Jacob their father in
then they went to Jacob their father in the land of Canaan and told him all were
the land of Canaan and told him all were
the land of Canaan and told him all were that happened to them the man who is
that happened to them the man who is
that happened to them the man who is Lord of the land spoke roughly to us and
Lord of the land spoke roughly to us and
Lord of the land spoke roughly to us and took us for spies of the country but we
took us for spies of the country but we
took us for spies of the country but we said to him we are honest men we are not
said to him we are honest men we are not
said to him we are honest men we are not spies
spies
spies we are twelve brothers sons of our
we are twelve brothers sons of our
we are twelve brothers sons of our Father one is no more and the youngest
Father one is no more and the youngest
Father one is no more and the youngest is with our Father this day in the land
is with our Father this day in the land
is with our Father this day in the land of Canaan then the man the Lord of the
of Canaan then the man the Lord of the
of Canaan then the man the Lord of the country said to us by this I will know
country said to us by this I will know
country said to us by this I will know that you are honest men leave one of
that you are honest men leave one of
that you are honest men leave one of your brothers here with me take food for
your brothers here with me take food for
your brothers here with me take food for the famine of your households and be
the famine of your households and be
the famine of your households and be gone and bring your youngest brother to
gone and bring your youngest brother to
gone and bring your youngest brother to me so I shall know that you are not
me so I shall know that you are not
me so I shall know that you are not spies but that you are honest men I will
spies but that you are honest men I will
spies but that you are honest men I will grant your brother to you and you may
grant your brother to you and you may
grant your brother to you and you may trade in the land then it happened as
trade in the land then it happened as
trade in the land then it happened as they emptied their sacks but
they emptied their sacks but
they emptied their sacks but surprisingly each man's bundle of money
surprisingly each man's bundle of money
surprisingly each man's bundle of money was in his cell and when they and their
was in his cell and when they and their
was in his cell and when they and their father saw the bundles of money they
father saw the bundles of money they
father saw the bundles of money they were afraid and Jacob their father said
were afraid and Jacob their father said
were afraid and Jacob their father said to them you have bereaved me
to them you have bereaved me
to them you have bereaved me Joseph is no more Simeon is no more and
Joseph is no more Simeon is no more and
Joseph is no more Simeon is no more and you want to take Benjamin all these
you want to take Benjamin all these
you want to take Benjamin all these things are against me then Reuben spoke
things are against me then Reuben spoke
things are against me then Reuben spoke to his father kill my two sons if I do
to his father kill my two sons if I do
to his father kill my two sons if I do not bring him back to you put him in my
not bring him back to you put him in my
not bring him back to you put him in my hands and I will bring him back to you
hands and I will bring him back to you
hands and I will bring him back to you my son shall not go down with you for
my son shall not go down with you for
my son shall not go down with you for his brother is dead and he is left alone
his brother is dead and he is left alone
his brother is dead and he is left alone if any calamity should befall him along
if any calamity should befall him along
if any calamity should befall him along the way in which you go then you would
the way in which you go then you would
the way in which you go then you would bring down my gray hair with sorrow to
bring down my gray hair with sorrow to
bring down my gray hair with sorrow to the grave
the grave
the grave [Music]